this is eric sabbaths with forbes i'm in
santa monica today where amazon
announced a whole slate of new kindles
ereader some tablets and here with Larry
Magid Forbes contributor welcome Larry
we saw a lot of new products today let's
walk through what we heard well it
started with what a $69 kindle they
repriced it 27 from 79 to 69 they
announced a new e-book reader which they
just called the paperwhite library now
has a nice white background like the
gray background on the original kindle
you could wat read this on the beach and
you could also read it in bed in the
dark room there's a new version of the
original fire which was 199 dollars now
it's 159 the big news today was kindle
fire HD which now comes in three flavors
right so we've got a 7 inch version
which is basically see it the size of
the original kindle fire this license of
the nexus 7 for the google and the super
big 8.9 inch which is really the where
where you see amazon going after the
ipad mark out there and then in
particular you see a new like super
duper version priced at the top of the
range 499 8.99 inch screen full-fledged
tablet running android hopefully Ice
Cream Sandwich a version of that anyway
it looked really good really fast they
put a lot of technology into faster
processors and so from a hardware
perspective they're right up there I
think with Apple what the question is as
always is this have the software in the
content okay 4G 4G is not free it's not
free although they are giving a very
aggressively priced model sort of you
get 250 megabytes and months especially
dollar the year but 250 megabytes if not
enough to watch one movie and the
question I haven't gotten an answer to
yet is whether or not amazon is going to
comp their own content I don't think so
but what's also interesting about these
products just as Apple is it reportedly
about to release its own 7 inch or 8
inch tablet right 7.8 a five-minute
nekkid mini dear amazon goes and grab
puts out a large full-size tablet so
obviously they were looking at apple's
product we do maybe we got to do this
well after i was looking at their
products there's a little bit of
cross-fertilization here right so so the
real question here is going today what's
the mark is gonna be like here so the
they sold millions of fires they they
talked about how they now have
twenty-two percent of the tablet market
with the original kindle fire if you're
thinking about buying a tablet and you
were thinking ipad all the way we now
pause and say maybe I should go yeah i
mean if i really wanted for james wright
499 vs 7 in a three-hundred-dollar break
i would buy the 7 inch Wi-Fi for a
couple reasons number one I like 7 News
form factor I like to be able to put it
in my pocket I like the portability of
it I like it when I'm at the gym it fits
nicely in the xtracycle I also don't
need the larger screen and frankly don't
really need 4g there are people who do
but there are other options out there
for example ii goodbye a mifi adapter
you could tether any Wi-Fi adaptive ice
to it to an iphone or many smartphones
there you have voted a lot of time about
issues related to children's safety
there's a new feature
kindles that allow you as a parent to
set some controls on the way your
children 310 where I like about it if
you could say unlimited reading KITT
read all you want but you're only going
to get to our with a night to play video
games in an hour and a half a night to
watch video movies whatever so if you
were granular control and also unlike
the ipad he can have individual account
so i can set one set of rules for Johnny
and other federal for Susie no rules for
me and my spouse because a lot of
families share I share these tablets if
you're on investing that much in a
tablet you're not necessarily gonna give
one to each kid the entire presentation
was done by Jeff dzasta CEO of em John
calm and this to me was very reminiscent
of another CEO we know the last who used
to do a lot of demos and of course Apple
Steve Jobs so Jeff did a good job
explaining them but he didn't create
that enthusiasm that that distortion
field I didn't walk out here I think oh
my god I'm sold based on Jeff
performance although I am impressed by
the products himself